---
page_title: "zitadel_application_v2 Data Source - terraform-provider-zitadel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource for a single application via the unified Application v2 API.
---

# zitadel_application_v2 (Data Source)

Datasource for a single application via the unified Application v2 API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zitadel_application_v2" "default" {
  org_id     = data.zitadel_org.default.id
  project_id = data.zitadel_project.default.id
  app_id     = "123456789012345678"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the application.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project the application belongs to.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) ID of the organization

### Read-Only

- `api` (List of Object) API configuration. Mutually exclusive with `oidc` and `saml`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the application.
- `oidc` (List of Object) OIDC configuration. Mutually exclusive with `saml` and `api`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc))
- `saml` (List of Object) SAML configuration. Mutually exclusive with `oidc` and `api`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml))
- `state` (String) State of the application.

<a id="nestedatt--api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api`

Read-Only:

- `auth_method_type` (String)
- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc`

Read-Only:

- `access_token_role_assertion` (Boolean)
- `access_token_type` (String)
- `additional_origins` (List of String)
- `app_type` (String)
- `auth_method_type` (String)
- `back_channel_logout_uri` (String)
- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String)
- `clock_skew` (String)
- `compliance_problems` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--oidc--compliance_problems))
- `dev_mode` (Boolean)
- `grant_types` (List of String)
- `id_token_role_assertion` (Boolean)
- `id_token_userinfo_assertion` (Boolean)
- `login_version` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--oidc--login_version))
- `none_compliant` (Boolean)
- `post_logout_redirect_uris` (List of String)
- `redirect_uris` (List of String)
- `response_types` (List of String)
- `skip_native_app_success_page` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--oidc--compliance_problems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc.compliance_problems`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--oidc--login_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc.login_version`

Read-Only:

- `login_v1` (Boolean)
- `login_v2` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--oidc--login_version--login_v2))

<a id="nestedobjatt--oidc--login_version--login_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc.login_version.login_v2`

Read-Only:

- `base_uri` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Read-Only:

- `login_version` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--saml--login_version))
- `metadata_url` (String)
- `metadata_xml` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--saml--login_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.login_version`

Read-Only:

- `login_v1` (Boolean)
- `login_v2` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--saml--login_version--login_v2))

<a id="nestedobjatt--saml--login_version--login_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.login_version.login_v2`

Read-Only:

- `base_uri` (String)
