---
page_title: "zitadel_application_oidc Resource - terraform-provider-zitadel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource representing an OIDC application belonging to a project, with all configuration possibilities.
---

# zitadel_application_oidc (Resource)

Resource representing an OIDC application belonging to a project, with all configuration possibilities.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zitadel_application_oidc" "default" {
  project_id = data.zitadel_project.default.id
  org_id     = data.zitadel_org.default.id

  name                         = "applicationoidc"
  redirect_uris                = ["https://localhost.com"]
  response_types               = ["OIDC_RESPONSE_TYPE_CODE"]
  grant_types                  = ["OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_AUTHORIZATION_CODE"]
  post_logout_redirect_uris    = ["https://localhost.com"]
  app_type                     = "OIDC_APP_TYPE_WEB"
  auth_method_type             = "OIDC_AUTH_METHOD_TYPE_BASIC"
  version                      = "OIDC_VERSION_1_0"
  clock_skew                   = "0s"
  dev_mode                     = true
  access_token_type            = "OIDC_TOKEN_TYPE_BEARER"
  access_token_role_assertion  = false
  id_token_role_assertion      = false
  id_token_userinfo_assertion  = false
  additional_origins           = []
  skip_native_app_success_page = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `grant_types` (List of String) Grant types, supported values: OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_AUTHORIZATION_CODE, OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_IMPLICIT, OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_REFRESH_TOKEN, OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_DEVICE_CODE, OIDC_GRANT_TYPE_TOKEN_EXCHANGE
- `name` (String) Name of the application
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) RedirectURIs
- `response_types` (List of String) Response type, supported values: OIDC_RESPONSE_TYPE_CODE, OIDC_RESPONSE_TYPE_ID_TOKEN, OIDC_RESPONSE_TYPE_ID_TOKEN_TOKEN

### Optional

- `access_token_role_assertion` (Boolean) Access token role assertion
- `access_token_type` (String) Access token type, supported values: OIDC_TOKEN_TYPE_BEARER, OIDC_TOKEN_TYPE_JWT
- `additional_origins` (List of String) Additional origins
- `app_type` (String) App type, supported values: OIDC_APP_TYPE_WEB, OIDC_APP_TYPE_USER_AGENT, OIDC_APP_TYPE_NATIVE
- `auth_method_type` (String) Auth method type, supported values: OIDC_AUTH_METHOD_TYPE_BASIC, OIDC_AUTH_METHOD_TYPE_POST, OIDC_AUTH_METHOD_TYPE_NONE, OIDC_AUTH_METHOD_TYPE_PRIVATE_KEY_JWT
- `back_channel_logout_uri` (String) ZITADEL will use this URI to notify the application about terminated session according to the OIDC Back-Channel Logout
- `clock_skew` (String) Clockskew
- `dev_mode` (Boolean) Dev mode
- `id_token_role_assertion` (Boolean) ID token role assertion
- `id_token_userinfo_assertion` (Boolean) Token userinfo assertion
- `login_version` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the preferred login UI, where the user is redirected to for authentication. If unset, the login UI is chosen by the instance default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_version))
- `org_id` (String) ID of the organization. If not provided, the organization of the authenticated user/service account is used.
- `post_logout_redirect_uris` (List of String) Post logout redirect URIs
- `skip_native_app_success_page` (Boolean) Skip the successful login page on native apps and directly redirect the user to the callback.
- `version` (String) Version, supported values: OIDC_VERSION_1_0

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) generated ID for this config
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) generated secret for this config
- `compliance_problems` (List of Object) lists the problems for non-compliancy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compliance_problems))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `none_compliant` (Boolean) specifies whether the config is OIDC compliant. A production configuration SHOULD be compliant

<a id="nestedblock--login_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_version`

Optional:

- `login_v1` (Boolean) Login V1
- `login_v2` (Block List, Max: 1) Login V2 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_version--login_v2))

<a id="nestedblock--login_version--login_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_version.login_v2`

Optional:

- `base_uri` (String) Optionally specify a base uri of the login UI. If unspecified the default URI will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--compliance_problems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compliance_problems`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `message` (String)

## Import

```bash
# The resource can be imported using the ID format `<id:project_id[:org_id][:client_id][:client_secret]>`, e.g.
terraform import zitadel_application_oidc.imported '123456789012345678:123456789012345678:123456789012345678:123456789012345678@zitadel:JuaDFFeOak5DGE655KCYPSAclSkbMVEJXXuX1lEMBT14eLMSs0A0qhafKX5SA2Df'
```
