---
page_title: "zitadel_instance_features Resource - terraform-provider-zitadel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource representing the feature flags configuration for an instance.
---

# zitadel_instance_features (Resource)

Resource representing the feature flags configuration for an instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zitadel_instance_features" "default" {
  login_default_org   = true
  oidc_token_exchange = true
  user_schema         = false
  improved_performance = [
    "IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_PROJECT_GRANT",
    "IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_ORG_DOMAIN_VERIFIED"
  ]
  debug_oidc_parent_error            = false
  oidc_single_v1_session_termination = true
  enable_back_channel_logout         = true
  login_v2 = {
    required = true
    base_uri = "https://login.example.com"
  }
  permission_check_v2     = true
  console_use_v2_user_api = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `console_use_v2_user_api` (Boolean) If this is enabled the console web client will use the new User v2 API for certain calls
- `debug_oidc_parent_error` (Boolean) Return parent errors to OIDC clients for debugging purposes. Parent errors may contain sensitive data or unwanted details about the system status of zitadel. Only enable if really needed.
- `enable_back_channel_logout` (Boolean) If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to use the OIDC Back-Channel Logout to be notified in your application about terminated user sessions.
- `improved_performance` (Set of String) Improves performance of specified execution paths. Possible values: IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_PROJECT_GRANT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_PROJECT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_USER_GRANT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_ORG_DOMAIN_VERIFIED
- `login_default_org` (Boolean) The login UI will use the settings of the default org (and not from the instance) if no organization context is set
- `login_v2` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the login UI for all users and applications regardless of their preference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_v2))
- `oidc_single_v1_session_termination` (Boolean) If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to terminate a single session from the login UI by providing an id_token with a `sid` claim as id_token_hint on the end_session endpoint. Note that currently all sessions from the same user agent (browser) are terminated in the login UI. Sessions managed through the Session API already allow the termination of single sessions.
- `oidc_token_exchange` (Boolean) Enable the experimental `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange` grant type for the OIDC token endpoint. Token exchange can be used to request tokens with a lesser scope or impersonate other users. See the security policy to allow impersonation on an instance.
- `permission_check_v2` (Boolean) Enable a newer, more performant, permission check used for v2 and v3 resource based APIs.
- `user_schema` (Boolean) User Schemas allow to manage data schemas of user. If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to use the new API and its features. Note that it is still in an early stage.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--login_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_v2`

Optional:

- `base_uri` (String) Optionally specify a base uri of the login UI. If unspecified the default URI will be used.
- `required` (Boolean) Require that all users must use the new login UI. If enabled, all users will be redirected to the login V2 regardless of the application's preference.

## Import

```bash
# The resource can be imported using the constant ID "instance"
terraform import zitadel_instance_features.imported 'instance'
```
