---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zitadel_system_features Resource - terraform-provider-zitadel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource representing the feature flags configuration for the system.
---

# zitadel_system_features (Resource)

Resource representing the feature flags configuration for the system.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enable_back_channel_logout` (Boolean) If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to use the OIDC Back-Channel Logout to be notified in your application about terminated user sessions.
- `improved_performance` (Set of String) Improves performance of specified execution paths. Possible values: IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_PROJECT_GRANT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_PROJECT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_USER_GRANT, IMPROVED_PERFORMANCE_ORG_DOMAIN_VERIFIED
- `login_default_org` (Boolean) The login UI will use the settings of the default org (and not from the instance) if no organization context is set
- `login_v2` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the login UI for all users and applications regardless of their preference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_v2))
- `oidc_single_v1_session_termination` (Boolean) If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to terminate a single session from the login UI by providing an id_token with a `sid` claim as id_token_hint on the end_session endpoint. Note that currently all sessions from the same user agent (browser) are terminated in the login UI. Sessions managed through the Session API already allow the termination of single sessions.
- `oidc_token_exchange` (Boolean) Enable the experimental `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange` grant type for the OIDC token endpoint. Token exchange can be used to request tokens with a lesser scope or impersonate other users. See the security policy to allow impersonation on an instance.
- `permission_check_v2` (Boolean) Enable a newer, more performant, permission check used for v2 and v3 resource based APIs.
- `user_schema` (Boolean) User Schemas allow to manage data schemas of user. If the flag is enabled, you'll be able to use the new API and its features. Note that it is still in an early stage.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--login_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_v2`

Required:

- `required` (Boolean) Require that all users must use the new login UI. If enabled, all users will be redirected to the login V2 regardless of the application's preference.

Optional:

- `base_uri` (String) Optionally specify a base uri of the login UI. If unspecified the default URI will be used.


